Good sleep is crucial for both our physical and mental well-being.  The amount of sleep we need changes as we age.

Why is sleep so important?

Getting enough sleep can help you:

[List of benefits missing from image - e.g., improve mood, boost immunity, sharpen focus, etc.]
How can I improve my sleep?

Better sleep habits can lead to a good night's rest.  Habits that can improve your sleep include:

[List of habits missing from image - e.g., establishing a regular sleep schedule, creating a relaxing bedtime routine, avoiding caffeine and alcohol before bed, ensuring a dark, quiet, and cool sleep environment, etc.]
What is quality sleep?

Quality sleep means getting uninterrupted and refreshing sleep. It's not just about the number of hours you sleep, but how well you sleep.

What are sleep disorders?

Some people have health conditions that prevent them from getting enough quality sleep, no matter how hard they try. These conditions are called sleep disorders.

Common sleep disorders include:   

[List of disorders missing from image - e.g., insomnia, sleep apnea, restless legs syndrome, narcolepsy, etc.]
When should I see a doctor?

Talk to your healthcare provider if you regularly have problems sleeping or notice signs or symptoms of common sleep disorders. Your provider may suggest keeping a sleep diary to better understand your sleep patterns.   

Tracking Sleep Trends:

The CDC monitors national and state trends regarding insufficient sleep among children, high school students, and adults.

Sleep Needs Change with Age:

The amount of sleep you need changes as you age.

Sleep in Children:

High School Students: The Youth Risk Behavior Survey (YRBS) tracks sleep patterns among high school students. Data shows that the percentage of high school students not getting enough sleep increased from 2009 to 2021, with more female students reporting insufficient sleep. This varies by state and is highest in certain groups. [List of groups missing from image - e.g., certain racial/ethnic groups, students with disabilities, etc.]
Children (4 months - 14 years): The National Survey of Children's Health (NSCH) looks at sleep duration in younger children. The percentage of children not getting enough sleep also varies by state and is highest in certain groups. [List of groups missing from image - e.g., children in low-income households, children with certain health conditions, etc.]
Sleep in Adults:

The CDC's Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System (BRFSS) examines sleep patterns in adults 18 and older.  The percentage of adults not getting enough sleep remained consistent from 2013 to 2022 but varies significantly by state and even by county.  Certain groups are more likely to experience insufficient sleep. [List of groups missing from image - e.g., shift workers, people with mental health conditions, etc.]

Resources for Sleep Information:

Several organizations offer information and resources about sleep and sleep health:

The American Academy of Sleep Medicine (AASM): A professional society for medical professionals and researchers in sleep medicine. [Website or resource link missing from image]
The National Center on Sleep Disorders Research (NCSDR): A federal center supporting research and education on sleep disorders. [Website or resource link missing from image]
The National Sleep Foundation (NSF): A non-profit dedicated to improving health and well-being through sleep education. [Website or resource link missing from image]
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA): Focuses on preventing traffic accidents, including those caused by drowsy driving. [Website or resource link missing from image]
Sleep Education (AASM): A webpage dedicated to sleep education. [Website or resource link missing from image]
The Sleep Research Society (SRS): A scientific organization of sleep researchers. [Website or resource link missing from image]
Further Information:

This document repeats information about sleep's importance and the need for sufficient rest multiple times.  The core message is consistent: prioritize sleep, understand your sleep needs, and seek help if you experience persistent sleep problems.  The repeated sections likely represent different parts of a training or presentation.  Only the unique information from each section has been included in this consolidated version.
